memtx: disallow alter of primary index with dependent secondary (#11527)
tarantool/tarantool: changelogs/unreleased/gh-10951-alter-pk-with-dependent-sk.md

## bugfix/memtx

> * Disallowed alter of primary index in a space with non-unique or nullable

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Disallowed alteration of the primary index in a space with non-unique or nullable
```
